add simple documentation for ddtrace-api package (#28254)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/custom_instrumentation/python/dd-api.md

To see an example in action, see [flask-baggage on trace-examples][7]

## ddtrace-api

<div class="alert alert-warning">The ddtrace-api Python package is in preview and may not include the API calls you need. If you'd rather use something more complete, use the API described above.
The following steps are only necessary if you want to experiment with the preview `ddtrace-api` package.</div>

> A stable public API for Datadog APM's custom Python instrumentation is implemented by the [ddtrace-api package][8]. This package doesn't implement any of the underlying functionality that creates and
> sends spans to Datadog; it *only* implements the API interface. This separation between interface in `ddtrace-api` and implementation in `ddtrace` allows users of cusom instrumentation to rely on
> an API that changes less frequently and more predictably, while allowing autoinstrumentation-only users to ignore API changes. It also supports those users who integrate both single-step instrumentation
> and custom instrumentation by removing the need to depend on two copies of the `ddtrace` package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [ddtrace-api package][8] provides a stable public API for Datadog APM's custom Python instrumentation. This package implements only the API interface, not the underlying functionality that creates and sends spans to Datadog. 

This separation between interface (`ddtrace-api`) and implementation (`ddtrace`) offers several benefits:

- You can rely on an API that changes less frequently and more predictably for your custom instrumentation
- If you only use automatic instrumentation, you can ignore API changes entirely
- If you implement both single-step and custom instrumentation, you avoid depending on multiple copies of the `ddtrace` package
```
Just some light edits and breaking the content out.

> The separation of interface and implementation means that setting up custom instrumentation requires installing two libraries: `ddtrace` as explained in the [Python Setup Instructions][6]
> and `ddtrace-api`:
> 
> ```python
> pip install 'ddtrace>=3.1' ddtrace-api
> ```
> 
> Then to instrument your Python application use the included `ddtrace-run` command. To use it, prefix your Python entry-point command with `ddtrace-run`.
> 
> For example, if your application is started with `python app.py` then:
> 
> ```shell
> ddtrace-run python app.py
> ```
> 
> Once you've done this setup, you can write custom instrumentation just like the above examples, with `ddtrace` replaced by `dd_trace_api`. For example:
> 
> ```python
>   from dd_trace_api import tracer
> 
>   @tracer.wrap(service="my-sandwich-making-svc", resource="resource_name")
>   def get_ingredients():
>       # go to the pantry
>       # go to the fridge
>       # maybe go to the store
>       return
> ```

Reviewer: `````suggestion
To use `ddtrace-api`:

1. Install both the `ddtrace` and `ddtrace-api` libraries:
   ```python
   pip install 'ddtrace>=3.1' ddtrace-api
   ```

2. Instrument your Python application using `ddtrace-run` by prefixing your Python entry-point command:
   ```shell
   ddtrace-run python app.py
   ```

3. After this is set up, you can write custom instrumentation exactly like the examples in the previous sections, but you import from `dd_trace_api` instead of `ddtrace`.

   For example:
   ```python
   from dd_trace_api import tracer
   
   @tracer.wrap(service="my-sandwich-making-svc", resource="resource_name")
   def get_ingredients():
       # go to the pantry
       # go to the fridge
       # maybe go to the store
       return
   ```
`````
Basically the same content, but this puts it into a numbered list.
